docs: add v2021.1.2 release notes (#2488)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/releases/v2021.1.2.rst

  The Config Mode was not validating the *Origin* header of POST requests.
  This allowed arbitrary websites to modify   configuration (including SSH keys)
  on a Gluon node in Config Mode reachable from a user's browser by sending POST
  requests with form data to 192.168.1.1.

  The impact of this issue is considered low, as nodes are only vulnerable while
  in Config Mode.

* Config Mode: Fix occasionally hanging page load after submitting the
  configuration wizard causing the reboot message and VPN key not to be
  displayed

* Config Mode (OSM): Update default OpenLayers source URL

  The OSM feature of the Config Mode was broken when the default source URL was
  used for OpenLayers, as the old URL has become unavailable. The default was
  updated to a URL that should not become unavailable again.

* Config Mode (OSM): Fix error when using ``"`` character in attribution text

* respondd-module-airtime: Fix respondd crash on devices with disabled WLAN
  interfaces

  Several improvements were made to the error handling of the
  *respondd-module-airtime* package. The "PHY ID" field (introduced in Gluon
  2021.1) was removed again.

> * ipq40xx: Fix bad WLAN performance on Plasmacloud PA1200 and PA2200 devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ipq40xx: Fix bad WLAN performance on Plasma Cloud PA1200 and PA2200 devices
```

- The mac80211 wireless driver stack was updated to a version based on kernel 4.19.237

Various minor package updates are not listed here and can be found in the commit log.

Bugfixes
--------

* **[SECURITY]** Config Mode: Prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)

  The Config Mode was not validating the *Origin* header of POST requests. This allowed arbitrary websites to modify
  configuration (including SSH keys) on a Gluon node in Config Mode reachable from a user's browser by sending
  POST requests with form data to 192.168.1.1.

  The impact of this issue is considered low, as nodes are only vulnerable while in Config Mode.

* Config Mode: Fix occasionally hanging page load after submitting the configuration wizard,
  causing the reboot message and VPN key not to be displayed

* Config Mode (OSM): Update default OpenLayers source URL

  The OSM feature of the Config Mode was broken when the default source URL was used for OpenLayers, as the old URL
  has become unavailable. The default was updated to a URL that should not become unavailable again.

* Config Mode (OSM): Fix error when using ``"`` character in attribution text

> * respondd-module-airtime: Fix respondd crash on devices with disable WLAN interfaces

Reviewer 2: disabled
